[TPU] Doc, fix xla_spawn.py, only preprocess dataset once (#4223)
huggingface/transformers: examples/README.md

## Running on TPUs

When using Tensorflow, TPUs are supported out of the box as a `tf.distribute.Strategy`.

When using PyTorch, we support TPUs thanks to `pytorch/xla`. For more context and information on how to setup your TPU environment refer to Google's documentation and to the
very detailed [pytorch/xla README](https://github.com/pytorch/xla/blob/master/README.md).

> Here, we provide a very simple launcher script named [xla_spawn.py](./xla_spawn.py) that lets you run our example scripts on multiple TPU cores without any boilerplate.

Author: ```suggestion
In this repo, we provide a very simple launcher script named [xla_spawn.py](./xla_spawn.py) that lets you run our example scripts on multiple TPU cores without any boilerplate.
```
